options(warn= -1) (#58)
r-devel/cran-cookbook: website/code_issues.qmd

--------------

# Setting `options(warn = -1)`

## Problem

You are setting `options(warn = -1)`.

## Solution

> Omit the code line and rather use `suppressWarnings()` if really needed.

Reviewer: Small re-wording suggestion

```suggestion
Consider using `suppressWarnings()` instead of `options(warn = -1)` if you absolutely need to suppress warnings.
```

### Details

::: {.callout-note title="CRAN Review Communication" appearance="simple" icon=false collapse=true}

You are setting `options(warn=-1)` in your function. This is not allowed. Please rather use `suppressWarnings()` if really needed.

:::

CRAN doesn't allow negative `warn` options. This setting will turn off all warning messages. Even if the settings are correctly restored, as explained in the [Change of Options recipe](#change-of-options-graphical-parameters-and-working-directory), the submission will be rejected.

> Instead, CRAN recommends using `suppressWarnings()`. This will also disable warnings, it only affects the expression called within. 

Reviewer: Small re-wording suggestion:

```suggestion
CRAN recommends using `suppressWarnings()`, which disables warnings only for the specific expression it's applied to, rather than globally.
```
